I believe the purpose of life leads to achieving goals and success. Since a young age, I have always been a goal-oriented student. In search of quality education, my family migrated from Gojal to Gilgit city but our journey has never been smooth. We are two siblings and it had been challenging for my parents to nurture us through all the difficulties and challenges.

I started to gain an interest in Computing at a young age. I still remember how I begged my father to get me a laptop if I get good marks in my 7th class annual exam. As I belong to a remote area getting these facilities was a bit difficult. Time passed and my interest in the world of computers grew more and more, when I was in 9th class I started to take programming classes in my school and I was in love. I started with C programming. I started to take online classes which enhanced my skills and made me even more passionate about the technology field. Also, I started taking classes online when I was on a break after completing SSC. Soon, as I was familiar with programming I decided to continue my studies and keeping Computer Science as a major subject. In HSSC, I was even more curious to learn programming and coding. Recently, I have been taking courses of Web Development. I started with the basics like HTML, CSS then frameworks like Bootstrap. I want to continue this journey and become a web developer inshallah and i believe the environment and the faculty at SZEBIST will be the perfect source for me to learn and improve my self. As for my Ultimate goal i want to create a name for myself and give back to my community by becoming one of the best programmers in pakistan. Hence I am confident that I am doing the right thing by choosing Software Engineering as my major because it is where my passion lies.

I choose SZEBIST as my first priority because it is one of the best universities in Pakistan and it offers a really good course in the field of Software Engineering. I personally believe I would really excel if I study at SZEBIST in the SE department because it offers the right learning environment, the right syllabus, course, and excellent facilities which would help me improve my skills and make me a professional in the IT industry.